We kneel down and beg you
I would also like to call you my lord
It must have given you a lot of face.
Don't push your luck.
That's right, what the hell survival adults
Don't think you don't want to wear both
There is a dragon robe
Put on a drink
To be so respectful of the Holy One
Is looking for death
What if we humiliate him?
Even if he treated you badly before
But now he relies on you
Xiao Shihao's support is in this show of teeth and claws
Although my eight families have suffered this disaster
But our heritage
It's hard to keep here
We are still the existence of tyrants
Plus the temple behind me
There are also cloud shadows that have not yet come to be saints
Gu Yanran, even if your Xiao family goes to war with us
It may not be that we are good at making Diaoyutai
Hmm, so deceptive
See if you can catch us
The anger of the Xiao family
Xiao Shihao, you cook like this
Do you want to go to war with the Temple of God?
Hit if you want
Forget it.
Accompany the god of war to the end